#recent
Command recent(1) lists recently modified files.

Download:
```shell
go get github.com/jimmyfrasche/recent
```

If you do not have the go command on your system, you need to Install Go first:
- [Binary installers and packages](https://code.google.com/p/go/downloads/list)
- [Build from source and system requirements](http://golang.org/doc/install)

* * *
Command recent(1) lists recently modified files.

Given no arguments, it prints all non-dot files in the current directory
that have been modified in the last 24 hours, appending a / to directory names.

Given arguments, it prints files that are recent.
If an argument is a directory, recent(1) behaves as if called in that directory.

The default is thus

```
recent -d 1 .
```

Everything recent(1) does can be done with find(1),
but the find(1) invocations are elaborate and recent(1)
is better suited for quickly, if less precisely, inspecting a directory.
For example the default for recent(1) is equivalent to

```
$ find . -maxdepth 1 -mtime 0 -not -name ".*"
```

There are two groups of flags to recent(1).
Those that modify the time for which files are considered recent,
and those that modify the behavior of recent(1) and its output.

##Time flags
Time can be specified in

```
	-min    minutes (always  60 seconds)
	-h	    hours   (always  60 minutes)
	-d		days    (always  24 hours)
	-m      months  (always  30 days)
 -y      years   (always 365 days)
```

If multiple time flags are present, they are added together, so

```
recent -m 1 -d 3 -h 5
```

prints files modified in the last month, three days, and five hours.

A day and a half can be represented by either

```
recent -d 1 -h 12
```

or by

```
recent -h 36
```

and the previous example of one month, three days and five hours as

```
recent -d 33 -h 5
```

or as

```
recent -h 797
```

if clarity is unimportant.

There is an implementation unit that the sum of the times
must be less than 290 years.

##Modifier flags
To avoid appending a / to directory names, use the -no/ flag.

To include dot files, use the -. flag.
Dot files provided as an explicit command line argument
are included in the search regardless.

To show files that haven't been modified recently, use the -v flag.

For scripting, the -q flag suppresses printing matches.
If there are matches, it exits with 0.
If there are no matches, it exits with 1.
Errors are still logged to stderr.

The -print0 flag is the same as on find(1),
it separates files with null rather than a newline,
for use with xargs(1).

##Examples
All examples assume the following files in the current directory:

```
.a   # modified 14 hours ago
b    # modified 15 days ago
c/   # modified 5 seconds ago
c/d  # modified 2 hours ago
c/e  # modified over a year ago
c/.f # modified 4 days ago

$ recent
c/
```

The only recently modified file is the directory c.

```
$ recent -v
b
```

The only file not modified recently is b.

```
$ recent c
c/d
```

The only recently modified file in the directory c is d.
Note that c/ itself is not printed.

```
$ recent -no/ -.
.a
c
```

If we include dot files .a is also a recently modified file.

```
$ recent .a
.a
```

We do not need to specify -. if asking about an explicitly named file.

```
$ recent *
c/d
```

Since the shell expands * to b c/, this is equivalent to

```
$ recent b c
```

and given a directory name as a command line argument recent(1)
searches the entries of that directory, in this case matching c/d.

```
$ recent -. -v -d 2 *
b
c/e
c/.f
```

This invocation looks for all files that haven't been modified in the last two days.



* * *
Automatically generated by [autoreadme](https://github.com/jimmyfrasche/autoreadme) on 2016.05.05
